Games are the best entertainments in the present world. The advent of online gaming, mobile gaming and console gaming have provided an impetus to fuel a captivating desire for gaming among the masses. Since its commercial birth in the 1950s as a technological oddity at a science fair, gaming has blossomed into one of the most profitable entertainment industries in the world. With PlayStation and Xbox releasing every other year with a new model. The competition is increasing in the markets for the products related to these games. The first ever gaming console was “Magnavox Odyssey”. In the present world there are many games with high level graphics like Battlefield, Fortnite, etc.  These games have huge success in the contemporary world. 

The main reason for people to love games is that these games are appealing to the eyes mainly because of the graphics and can be played by anybody, at any place and at any time. Most of these games are connected through the Internet and can be played through both the PC and Smart Phones. The enormity of the scope and impact that gaming can have is indeed overwhelming. This potential of gaming has inspired me to endeavor to program a game.

This game, Griffins and Gargoyles, is basically a computer stimulation of typing. This game helps individuals to place their figures in the right places while typing on the keyboard. It helps the programmer to type the code without looking at the keys of the keyboard thus speeds up his rate of typing.

The main theme of the game is based on a warrior, Red Palladin, running around and helping the gamer to finish his task and attain his ascension. The gamer only needs press keys that appears on the screen before it reaches the bridge of the Gargoyale King. And after the Red Palladin finishes atleast 5 rounds then it gives you a power up making all the alphabets disappear on the screen. This does not increase the score but gives the gamer more time instead. You need get a score of more than 5000 to help Princess Ethelene defeat the Gargoyale King and become the Queen of Paradise. The game ends after the gamer fails to press 10 alphabets and these alphabets reach the bridge. The gamer should finish the game by reaching the score of 5000 only then the game ends.          
